# Arvato-Proyect
Proyect for Udacity nanodegree

### Summary:
This project wants to develop two type of models for Arvato Financial Services, a mail order sales company. 
The first model would be an unsupervised learning model that will be used to compare the demographics of the company clients against the general population of Germany.
The second model would be a supervised learning model, the objective is to determine which individuals would be more likely to become customers, for this we have the information of a marketing campaign previously made by Aravato.
The data used was provided by Udacity and their partners at Bertelsmann Arvato Analytics, and represents a real-life data science task.

#### Workflow:
First the unsupervised model will be developed and then the supervised one. Since all the pre-processing, data preparation and results of the first model would be useful for the development of the later. The steps are the following.
1. Data Preprocessing - preparation
In this section different processes and techniques would be applied to the data, in order to get create new columns, get rid of missing values or transform values to make them better for a model.
Also in this section i will address the PCA transformation for dimensionality reduction since it will be use for both models.
2. Customer Segmentation 
in this section a Kmeans algorithm will be applied to get the segmentation on the whole country data.
3. Supervised Learning Model 
In this section the information of the marketing campaign provided by ARvato will be used to develop the model. Also all the steps and processes made in the first section will be used, also the output of the second section will be used

#### Technologies
It uses standard python libraries,
but specifically scikit-learn(0.24.1) and all its dependencies


#### Process
all the process is explained in the folowing [post](https://medium.com/p/b44979683ed/edit)


### Files:
folders 
* **data_transform**
    * col_actions.xlsx: file used by data_transform.py to determine actions to be performed
    * data_transform.py:  script wich contains all the elements used for data transformation
* **Images**
    folder to store the grpahs generated by the proyect
* **Models**
    folder to store the pickle files with the trained unsupervised(Kmeans) and supervised models created
# Proyect link
[proyect](https://github.com/paulguz261/Arvato-Proyect)
